Deep in the Underdark, a ruthless and vicious place for young Drow boys, Soveliss Naïlo tended to keep to himself as much as he could, poring over literature and old lore in his private chamber. He was never adept at weapons training, and his peers picked up on that quickly, never missing an opportunity to abuse poor Soveliss for sport. It didn't help that Soveliss, at his core, was good-hearted, without that evil vicious streak that almost always pervades a Drow soul, something interpreted as weakness by his contemporaries. With a face scarred by abuse and an ineptitude in self-defense, he would hide away as much as possible and scurry quickly to his destination if he had to travel. He was a disappointment to his mother, and never hid her disdain for her son, nor did his sisters and brothers. Poor Soveliss would often fall into bouts of despair, believing that his life would be cut short somehow, a life that should otherwise be centuries long. 

One day, tearing through an old grimoire he found the day before, he stumbled upon a section about immortality and death, describing pacts with fiends, demons and deities, boons from said pacts, and speculating on the likeliness of obtaining immortality if a deal was struck with the right patron. Plagued by anxiety and fear compounded by years of suffering and struggle, he rashly concluded that it must be the Reaper with which he must strike an accord. And so, secretly, alone, unaided and uncounseled, he offered his servitude to the Reaper in exchange for a slice of its power, thinking he would gain the secret to immortality, thinking that would be his boon, a hasty decision made by a desperate young boy who did not think things through properly, because such a pact with the Reaper meant that it would possess his soul upon his death.

His mother was furious when she found out. This was an insult to Lolth, the Spider Queen whom the family worshipped. *Shameful weakling*, she thought, *clearly all his father’s genes* (she couldn’t remember his name). She attacked him out of anger, but then, instinctively and without intending to, Soveliss invoked the Reaper’s Shadow Armor to shield him from his mother’s wrath and ran to take cover from the blows. Mother and siblings were stunned to see shadows swirling around a sobbing Soveliss — who was quite surprised himself at that moment — mutating and writhing to form a dark spherical barrier. His mother was unsure of how to proceed, wary of potentially falling into disfavor with a being as powerful as the Reaper for attacking one of its servants. She reluctantly agreed to allow her son’s quest, but not within the walls of their house, and not in the Underdark. As the pact could not be undone, Soveliss was banished to the surface to carry out his quest and services to his new patron. Terrified, but imbued with a new sense of freedom, he would travel far and wide, scouring tomes, grimoires and other sources of knowledge, trying to gain the secret to immortality and save his soul from eternal servitude to his patron.

---

The night following his acceptance into the Blades, Soveliss was gripped by a mixture of emotions. What a crazy day, and what a progression, from over-trancing, hungover, invoking his patron’s Shadow Armor quite inappropriately against an ally, to, not only meeting the man (well, dragonborn, it turns out) who defeated death, whom he had idealized since reading about him in those scrolls of the Underdark, but also becoming a bonafide Blades member christened by that very same creature of legend! Smiles, sweat and adrenaline washed over him as he recounted the day’s events in his mind, the success of the mission — an undeniable success, what a team they turned out to be! — the support and gentleness of his new friends, a kindness he never knew in his days below the surface... Good heavens and hells, how was he ever going to successfully trance tonight with all this excitement? The path before him was suddenly brighter, alluring... Had his life finally turned around for the better? He felt his fear melting away (not completely, of course, the threat of death still hung over him like a sword of Damocles, but less so), all the embersteeles from the feast were making his mind race, what a rush! He gripped the sheets with both hands as if to keep from falling up into the sky with elation...

And then he felt something strange. He sat up, then jumped out of bed. Was that a voice? Some kind of movement, a pop or a crack or scrape...? He looked around the dark room, which appeared adequately lit to his Drow vision. Nothing — no there was nothing there but him. Whatever it was, it felt like it came from within. He rubbed his hands together nervously, as was his habit when anxiety gripped him. Steam and a sizzle suddenly emanated from his hands. He jumped back, stifling a yelp. His left hand was freezing cold, so much so that there was frost on it, while his right was red hot and glowing. *Am I dreaming?*, he thought. *No, you fool.* The other side of his mind answered him. *Trances don’t run so deep you completely lose your path back to reality. This is reality. You have to figure this out.* Oddly he felt no pain in either hand. He contracted the muscles in his forearms and hands, focusing his mind on the phenomenon, noticing the intensification of temperature fluctuations as he did. He intensified his focus on his right extremity while cupping his hand. To his great astonishment, he was now holding a flame.